# E-genome
This project basically aims to bring together the different prospects of a Startup under one platform and thereby creating a startup ecosystem.
The platform will remove duplicity in Startup data. The collection of this data will help bring in data-driven insights, thereby helping in scale-up of Startups, job creation, and economic growth. 
E-genome is the network of people, startups, incubators, different government organization interacting together to work in a way that gains maximum profit for any organization. A platform to connect all these people together can help in achieving the target easily.
This platform will not only register various startups at different stages but also target various entrepreneurs, startup-team members, angel investors, startup mentors, start-up advisors, other entrepreneurial-minded people, third people from other organizations with start-up activities like coaching institutes that promote entrepreneurship and various entrepreneurial committees of different government and private institutions and organizations.
To build this relation, this portal will have a unique dashboard for challenges faced by startups and the solution will be provided by mentors, investors, advisors, other start-up team member, college committee and government agencies and other entrepreneurial-minded people.
The new idea is always a key to a successful business. If any team working on any new idea is most welcome to this portal to get all abet they required from the connoisseurs on the platform of startup ecosystem tracker.
For effective monitoring, we will sort various registered companies on the basis of their work area, revenue, market capital, technology bucket, target audience and lots more.
A large number of entrepreneurs lack exposure sometimes. They did not get enough opportunities to present their ideas in front of angel investors. To solve this using our portal can be very easy. Using our large database of various entrepreneurs, startup-team members, angel investors, startup mentors, start-up advisors, and new aspiring entrepreneurs, we can organize e-gathering or conclave between them. This will not only builds relation or helps in getting their first funding, but also in monitoring after process activities. This will includes document verification, bonds, terms and conditions, the amount given and lots more.
Marketing needs to be vehement for any successful idea or events, and this portal makes it effortless. This portal will have a detailed dashboard for event section that not only shows various entrepreneur related activities going around, but also gives important news regarding entrepreneur related sch by the government, business opportunities in various sectors etc.
